{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	Public and Private variables are very common in all programming languages.  \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Traditionally, in many programming languages, the distinction between public and private variables depends on where they are declared. Public variables are typically declared before functions, while private variables are declared within functions themselves. Public variables can be accessed by all functions within the class, while private variables are restricted to the particular function in which they are defined.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	However, in Python, \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 whether a variable is public or private is not determined by where it's declared in the code, but rather by its naming convention. Public variables typically do not have any specific naming convention, while private variables use a prefix underscore (_).   This means you can technically place a variable anywhere in the code itself and Python will understand if that variable is public or private based on if it has an underscore prefix.  Just like with other languages, in Python, a public variable can be used throughout the entire class, including every function and method within the class, whereas a private variable would be used within the method in which it is declared.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
	Looking at an example of this, we can look at banking details.  For example, a bank account number will always remain consistent, therefore a client\'92s banking account number will be a public variable.  However, the balance of their account changes constantly as they make purchases or add funds to their account.  Therefore, the \'93balance\'94 of their account would be a private variable.}